readme.md, before:

# C R A W L

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/ztoben/crawl.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

A dungeon crawler written in React.js

View the live version [here](http://ztoben-crawl.surge.sh/).

<img width="1162" alt="screen shot 2018-11-27 at 9 13 41 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4007345/49091127-cb65f000-f224-11e8-912d-72b7681b0e15.png">

##### Roadmap:

- [x] Generate a basic grid and movement system
- [x] Implement arrow key movement
- [x] Generate random dungeons
- [x] Create movement rules, disallow moving through walls, etc.
- [x] Connect dungeons with doors and hallways
- [x] Fix possible infinite loop while placing dungeons
- [x] Show dungeon minimap
- [x] Add a starting screen
- [ ] New character screen
- [ ] Implement [Undux](https://github.com/bcherny/undux) for state management
- [ ] Add player info (name, class, stats, etc.)
- [ ] Randomly generated collectible items
- [ ] Generate enemies with basic AI
- [ ] Use a key and lock system to keep players from progressing too quickly
- [ ] Use [IronDb](https://github.com/gruns/irondb) for storing the game state

Commit message:

add undux, basic player info in panel

readme.md, after:

# C R A W L

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/ztoben/crawl.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

A dungeon crawler written in React.js

View the live version [here](http://ztoben-crawl.surge.sh/).

<img width="1162" alt="screen shot 2018-11-27 at 9 13 41 am" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4007345/49091127-cb65f000-f224-11e8-912d-72b7681b0e15.png">

##### Roadmap:

- [x] Generate a basic grid and movement system
- [x] Implement arrow key movement
- [x] Generate random dungeons
- [x] Create movement rules, disallow moving through walls, etc.
- [x] Connect dungeons with doors and hallways
- [x] Fix possible infinite loop while placing dungeons
- [x] Show dungeon minimap
- [x] Add a starting screen
- [ ] New character screen to select name and class
- [x] Implement [Undux](https://github.com/bcherny/undux) for state management
- [x] Add player info to panel (name, class, stats, etc.)
- [ ] Build stats based on player class selection
- [ ] Randomly generated collectible items
- [ ] Generate enemies with basic AI
- [ ] Use a key and lock system to keep players from progressing too quickly
- [ ] Use [IronDb](https://github.com/gruns/irondb) for storing the game state
